do you want to use the restroom and be
told how to feel your feelings at the
same time a normal toilet seat just
won't do you need a mood ring toilet
with benefits like intruder detection
alert so if someone else uses your
toilet if that seat is colored and it
wasn't you you'll know but temperature
detection straight slash detection a
general gauge on your happiness and so
much more
critics say I have mixed emotions about
tanks I hate it i but i me up with that
DIY yo get yours today for 3 easy
payments of 40 to 69 there are live
operators standing by it one 800 billion
bucks
feel your bite or go to failure but calm
this video is brought to you by
Squarespace the all-in-one platform for
all your website needs
hey guys gravan and Caitlin and if
you've ever been browsing Reddit and
found yourself on the subreddit our
slash DIY you might have seen this
thermo chromatic toilet seat that really
caught our imagination you might have
seen it and thought now there's a really
dumb thing we'll have it ever anyone
ever do that but we have two extra
bottles of thermo chromatic fluid after
our last mood reading project and we
can't not do it
so that's what we're doing today we're
gonna make a mood ring toilet seat we're
proud of it
wait are we know
all right before we start we should
probably explain how this magical beige
mood-ring liquid works thanks Jason with
Eponine kaitlyn yeah contained inside
our thermo tropic liquid crystals they
literally twist at different
temperatures and reflect a different
color depending on what temperature the
crystals are that's crazy I wonder if
your butt is gonna be like in this
temperature range because above 90 it's
all purple
so before we do the toilet seat we're
actually gonna do a small-scale test
because when we did the controller we
did a spray-on clear coat to protect the
mood ring material and it ended up
getting a little bit scratched so we
need something a little bit stronger to
hold up to the power of our butts I'll
give you guys one guess what we're gonna
cover it with okay let's see if I
remember how this works
we look like science ninjas that's what
I've always wanted to be all right so
one thing I learned and then remember is
you should test spray it all right there
we go and if I remember correctly
ugly and the soot loss of small white
coats already working yeah you can see
the color shift just a little bit just a
little bit okay so how many coats four
to five coats but I think that's good
enough for a test watch this oh yeah all
right so we'll see we'll cover it in
resin and then see if that responsive
'ti I'd go down significantly yeah we
need an accurate read on our but smooth
real-time hooking smallest resin four
we've done on this channel I'm ready
[Music]
wait did we love what well no we didn't
love it it's fine yeah yeah now we wait
Oh was it the flame there heated up or
is it the rug about flame and then it
cool is cool do you think they damage
the crystals by flaming we'll find out
and see if this works
and if I see if it works we mean can it
detect the temperature difference when
we cannot detect the temperature
difference from our fingers through the
resin like it okay I want to give it a
little bit because you don't just like
sit on a toilet for just a little bit
that's so great it's not so work can you
get it to the full temperature like the
full purple at the top already holding
it
Oh like where where I was holding on
this hole sorry yeah yeah no that's a
full spectrum well are we gonna have to
come up with like what each of these
means for your butt yeah maybe but this
is this is great this looks exactly how
I want it to look yeah this is perfect I
think we can proceed now I notice
there's a little bit of splotching I
think we might want to do a couple extra
coats just to be safe yeah but I think
we can just proceed as planned and this
also might be an excuse me next time we
do this on something I think I'm down to
get another spray gun higher quality
fancier yeah goodbye okay now it's time
to spray the toilet seat
[Laughter]
[Applause]
okay you ready thank you confident cuz I
don't want to buy another toy let's see
that's gonna be fine
does that inspire confidence yeah okay
all right let's try that again yeah yeah
I'm gonna time-lapse who's gonna be a
while you don't want to just hang out
with me for two hours
I mean I love you to do
all right come on in
but for no reason in particular don't
look at this yet that that makes me feel
very confident confident okay
you can look at the camera but don't
look down yet okay so this is a good
news bad news good news bad news good
news
type situation okay good news that's our
advantage
bad news this thing sucks it sucks so
bad yeah
so much I was able to like spray for
like me like like like 30 seconds and
then clogged because what we're spraying
isn't paint its crystals and it dries
really fast or something and it this it
ended up clogging again and again and
again I had to try to pick it clean and
I got so angry so I went out and bought
a new one so bad news
sounds dead to me good news is this
one's much better nice so I was able to
spray this a lot faster bad news there's
still a little bit of sprays that
happened a few little specks and flex so
that's what I was going to show you now
you can look now so it's pretty easy
very good and the specs in flux mainly
show up when there's a temperature
differential when there's too fast if a
temperature change as they change at
different rates they're thicker so kind
of see them for a little bit as it goes
through the temperature change it's not
bad so what it is is as you're spraying
you see that stuff there so show this
see that gunk so that that's what it is
it's just like that just like came out
once there's enough a chunk of it will
detach and just like spray out the only
way we can fix it as if we removed all
of it and I've been out here for two
hours okay
I'm fine with it I'm fine with it
another bad news is this took me so long
to do but another good news okay my
emotions are a rollercoaster right now
it's I got you a sack so you can you can
help me like I'm good to go let's pray
together
right boy let's eat together I mean it
was kind of weird we did the tops
because that's what they did in the
reddit post it's kind of weird like what
when would you sit on the lid but we're
doing it so there you go it was
beautiful you go read it okay so next
step so one thing we realized is unlike
most of our pores we're not pouring on
to a flat surface especially the seat
there's a decent amount of curve and we
worry that the resin is just gonna flow
right off so we thought okay we'll brush
it on and really thin layers that'll
prevent it from flowing off as much but
bristles where's where that's gonna be
scratching up the really delicate thermo
chromatic liquid crystals that are
applied very thinly to this surface so
we're actually gonna do a spray coat
first that's not the final protective
layer but that's just gonna like set
everything down lock the crystals in
place so that when we apply resin we can
use a brush
all right so times break times pay and I
mean yeah
[Music]
okay this is how they look after our
spray coat their swing we're down brown
in our 73 degree garage yeah but pretty
soon after we sit on them they're gonna
look glorious like that oh gosh what if
your butt left at friends I mean weird
I don't know if I can make a butt print
with my arms overall things are still
working the the crooked crystals are
still in there they're protected a
little bit but if you look closely after
the surface finish it's not it's not bad
great even though it's glossy there's a
lot of those little imperfections from
when we were spraying the crystals and
this just kind of emphasizes them so we
hope the resin with it's very glass like
sticker yeah
protection will cover that before we
continue though there's been something
bothering me since the very beginning of
this video that we just haven't
addressed yet and that is we directed
people to feel your butt calm and I just
don't know what type of website exists
at that URL so wow I just looking into
it
there was no website there so we bought
the domain and built one using
Squarespace thank you square face for
being okay with this idea so with this
opportunity in our hands now we could
really make feel your butt calm be
whatever we wanted it to be it could be
about mood ring toilet seats that's
really the only thing it could be about
that's appropriate for this channel but
I think the cool thing about Squarespace
is it's a great way to bring your dreams
to reality you don't have to like start
from scratch either because they have
tons of built-in templates you don't
need any third-party plugins and if you
run into trouble while making your dream
reality Squarespace has you covered with
24/7 support whether you want to sell a
product that you have an idea for or
display
portfolio online for people to see
having a website really is the best way
to get your project your ideas your
vision out there into the world you can
do a free trial at squarespace.com so no
strings attached and when you're ready
to pull the trigger go to Squarespace
comm / Evan and Kaitlyn for ten percent
off your first purchase
thanks for face thank you Phil you've a
calm real website we own it all right so
we're trying something new for today's
resin pour you're gonna be using fast
cure resin instead of slow cure resin
because resin pores aren't stressful
enough because these pieces have sloped
or curved surfaces that means the resins
gonna want to run off of it normally
with the slow cure resin because you
have like 30 or so minutes of working
time it keeps dripping off the edge we
have to babysit it for a while as it
continues to flow off or so there's a
more efficient way to do it is with
curved edges
where's worried that the whole thing is
gonna flow off so we want something that
will cure a little bit faster this is
gonna be more stressful we have like 5
to 10 minutes to get this all down
otherwise this is gonna kick and it's
gonna be what its gonna be so we want it
to kick sooner that way it won't flow
off so that's like yeah hopefully this
doesn't get too exciting but there's
only one way to what but there's only
one way to find out here just get a
couple shots of you doing it that looks
so cool oh my gosh I wasn't recording
alright I think that's it we're done hey
we'll get a second chance on this guy's
pelvis I felt it every way well looks
cool I just have to hope that it doesn't
leak
Ripoff yeah let's give it to you I see
like oh honey it's so pretty
I'm fortunate that I think I'd move to
the next or should we like wait a few
good to the next okay makes a dipping
difference but this one is gonna be the
more challenging one because not only
can it run up the outside it could also
run off inside so let's take aa go time
yep good
I decided pouring without looking oh I'm
trying to go right so then it doesn't
all the soif yeah it's definitely
wanting to just go over the edges try to
like spread it thin it's right okay that
it does it's not flowing off bad yeah
yeah no it's like it's okay hey Matt we
just need to watch it a little bit now I
can babysit the feet are there's resin
pooling around the feet so we need to
lift this up remove these boards
otherwise we're just gonna have resin
fused to the underside of this what if
we tilt it too much then all the resin
is going to pour off even more so I'm
gonna have to lift it carefully I'm
sorry I'm gonna be okay here
now they're two cups right here ready to
go no suicide there's this mark the not
the mark oh yeah
[Laughter]
can you lift it more oh my gosh I think
it's okay
I think it's okay now it's still the
feet right six of the cups a little bit
but because the cups don't have a pool
of resin it should be better yeah it
should be better it should be better
okay this is why you babysit okay so the
toilet seats complete this whole time
like I've been very concerned about this
functioning and in a from a technical
perspective I've been concerned about
the resin looking nice because I want
this to be a beautiful resin creation
that we fade and you forgot that at the
end of this we actually are going to sit
on it and like leave our butt prints the
funny thing to me is we installed this
in our guest bathroom how long should we
keep this installed we'll come over tea
who's the guest back at least until
someone comes to this both add further
dude I think let's just let's not keep
you guys waited any longer it's all done
it's installed it's ready to go
let's just go demonstrate it all right
here we are in the restroom and the
reveal it looks pretty cool I wouldn't
look at that and automatically suspect
that it's a mood ring no it's just like
an oddly brown toilet seat but it's a
it's a warm cup or a black I wear my
thinnest leggings are this variable
optimal heat transmission yes okay my
worry is that I'm gonna sit and they're
just not gonna be any color whatsoever
okay you ready yep
and then we wait
I wonder if Jubal hang out usually does
huh
like she usually does she always wants
in hello you dark creepy good to leave
me out of this I think it's ready okay
you prepared refer oh there's a little
spot from where my hand hit it okay oh I
can tell that someone has recently used
the top of the toilet seat so to get the
most color change possible I'm gonna sit
really strangely on this toilet seat
like I just want to get like as much
light contact as possible right now we
wait again is it weird if I maintain eye
contact welcome to our channels that
time is probably past yeah oh my butt
was much hotter wow I don't hear but it
would be hotter you don't see my little
cheeks
[Music]
we should also test your um splash
theory oh it did does it change it
Oh totally oh it's changing I know it's
changing it oh look at all of those
flashes Wow
that's flash detection it's all the
waters gone it's just splashes okay well
how do you feel about about this I feel
proud like I know at the beginning I
feel like I should be sitting to this in
the beginning I know that we kind of
joked about being proud and we're making
a thermo chromatic temperature sensing
but seats I mean my seats are gonna
shake there were a lot of challenges
involved from this video and we overcame
them we did we did all right guys make
sure you're subscribed to this channel
you don't want to miss out on quality
content like this we'll look for to see
you next time bye hey check out our
gaming channel gaming gaming even more
like smooth things because this is what
happens with what's that do you think
she'll let me like prop her up on here
long enough to get operants one way to
find out that's the cutest thing I've
ever seen
emotional tippet emotional telepathy but
thermometer
hi hey are you okay ah not really
I'm supposed to ride a marathon race
today but I lost my lucky hat band I
wanted to every race I've ever run hey I
don't know if I can reach the target
where'd you lose that sorry I quit for
us huh
I think you take a look for you yeah
sure it's a red headband I can give me a
reward I could give you a pair ran
anxious don't I knew those yourself yeah
hey brother grab leave me like ten pairs
jigna give away follow me on instagram
Oh Congrats
Oh
number one voice right here this is the
the number one voice that we've had this
dream so far Dedic good time okay right
lean and I'm proud of you